We could go somewhere
Where do you wanna go?
The sea?
You wanna take me to the sea?
Yeah
Why?
To be with you on the beach
I see
And what would we do on the beach?
We could hold each other, just lay there
All right
And what beach did you have in mind?
The one you prefer
Let's go to the south it's better there is more sun
It's far isn't it?
A few hours in a train or a car and we're there
It's true that it's been while since we havn't been away together
That's why
We could rest
We could walk around
We would play games
Exactly
We could talk
Other things too...
Arthur: okay cut, cut, cut, STOP!
Lucas I think we can see the boom at one point
Arthur: It wasn't good
Seb: They were rehearsing right?
It wasn't a rehearsal for me
Joachim you're not...
You want me to put more...
It just feels like you don't really believe in what you're saying
I thought he kind of believed...
Sarah: What did I do?
Sarah: I thought I was tactile
Seb: We're pannicking
Seb: I'm sorry you ask for the planning so let me tell you that you have 7 minutes left for the take.6 now
Julia: Can I have my timecode?
Arthur: Can I give it to you later?
Julia: No you're gonna forget
Arthur: I'm in the middle of a hard negociation with the annoying assistant
Seb: Excuse me? I'm just doing my job
Arthur: Yes I know, so guys we have 7 minutes to shoot the scene
Seb; Sorry but no It's 6 now
Arthur: Okay so we have 6 minutes so let's do this now
Joachim: I gotta leave at 6 so it's fine by me
Julia: Can I have my timecode?
Arthur: 03.45
Julia: Can't hear you!
Seb: Okay let's go, Camera, action!
Arthur: Let's do this one more time
Sarah: But you liked the dialogues?
Arthur: You did great Sarah
Joachim: Come on! She wasn't in love enough
It felt like she didn't care. Don't say that she did great, it's too easy!
Arthur: Don't take it the wrong way
Arthur: You were good too
Arthur: But I think you can do even better
We're doubling it right? She's good but we double it?
Arthur: Mmmmh yes we can say that
Sarah: We can make some small changes
Arthur: Action!
Arthur: Lucas! Okay, Lucas you need to be ready
Lucas: I'm sorry you were talking that's why
Arthur: Yes but when I stop talking you need to be ready
Lucas: It hurts my arm
Seb: 4 minutes!
Lucas: I'm ready
Arthur: Camera!
Lucas: Action
Joachim: Whenever you want boss
Arthur: It's "recording"
Arthur: If you don't say "It's recording" I don't understand
Lucas: Yeah it's recording
What do you wanna do this week-end?
Arthur: I didn't say "Action!"
Arthur: Is everyone focused?
Lucas: It's recording
Arthur: Action!
What do you wanna do this week-end?
I wanna go to the beach with you
Arthur: You need to articulate Joachim
Joachim: I'm sorry, I'm sorry
Arthur: Swallow your saliva
Joachim: You're right, you're right
Joachim: I'm sorry
Arthur: Action!
Joachim: Can you start?
What do you wanna do this week-end?
We could go to the beach together?
You wanna go to the beach? What beach?
Maybe a beach in the south?
But it's far!
Yes but it's sunny
That's true
And how long do you wanna stay?
As long as you want
Arthur: Yeah but touch her breast when you say that
Lucas: Hummm
Arthur: Lucas, now is really not the time to be annoying
Sarah: I'm not really into that idea either
Julia: Is it cut?
Arthur: Oh shit it's cut
Julia and Seb: TIMECODE